

Invited Talks

Motala, A. Auditory rate perception displays a positive serial dependence. Max Planck Institute for Empirical Aesthetics (Group Leader: Molly Henry), Germany, 2021

Motala, A. An Inclusive Academy: What we can do and how to implement change. University of Western Ontario, Canada, 2019

Motala, A. Perceiving time across the senses - Using auditory, tactile and visual rhythms to explore theories of time and temporal processing in humans. City University, London, 2018

Motala, A. Sensory Time Perception - Using auditory, tactile and visual rhythms to explore theories of time and temporal processing in humans. University of Giessen, Germany, 2018

Motala, A. Starting out and Enjoying your PhD. Doctoral Academy, Cardiff University 2018



**Conference and Other Oral Presentations **

Motala, A., Herrmann, B. & Johnsrude, I. Assessing the effects of masked speech in narrative listening using neuroimaging. Association for Research in Otolaryngology Annual Midwinter Meeting, 2021

Johnsrude, I., Bain, M., Motala, A. & Herrmann, B. Listening effort assessed using engaging, naturalistic materials. Acoustical Society of America, Chicago, USA, 2020

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Adapting to Cross-Modal Rhythms Elicits Activation of Distributed and Centralised Mechanisms Simultaneously. 14th International Symposium of Cognition, Logic and Communication, Riga, Latvia, 2019

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Adapting to Cross-Modal Rhythms in Search of a Centralised Timing Mechanism. 2nd International Timing Research Forum, Queretaro, Mexico, 2019

Motala, A. Sensory Time Perception: Using auditory, tactile and visual rhythms to explore theories of time and temporal processing in humans. CoNCH Lab (Cognitive Neuroscience of Communication and Hearing), Brain and Mind Institute, University of Western Ontario, Canada, 2019

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Adapting to crossmodal rhythms in pursuit of a central timing mechanism. British Congress of Optometry & Vision Sciences, Anglia Ruskin University, Cambridge, 2018

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Visual Rhythm Perception – Simply the sum of its parts? Bristol Young Vision Researcher’s Colloquium, Bristol University, Bristol, 2018

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Sensory Rate Perception – Simply the sum of its parts? International Multisensory Research Forum, University of Toronto, Canada, 2018

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Visual Rate Perception – More than the sum of its parts? Applied Vision Association Christmas Meeting, Queen Mary, University of London, London, 2017

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Modality Specific Rate Aftereffects: Evidence towards Distributed Timing Mechanisms, International Conference of the Timing Research Forum, Strasbourg, France 2017

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. The Rhythm Aftereffect – Adapting to sensory rate? British Congress of Optometry &Vision Sciences, Plymouth University, Plymouth, 2017

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Modality Specific Rate Aftereffects: Evidence Towards Distributed Timing Mechanisms, Bristol Young Vision Researcher’s Colloquium, Bath University, Bath, 2017

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Sensory Clocks - One or Many? Evidence towards distributed timing mechanisms. Speaking of Science Interdisciplinary Conference, Cardiff University, Wales, 2017

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Rate aftereffects fail to transfer cross-modally: Evidence towards distributed timing mechanisms. Experimental Psychology Society Timing Workshop, John Moores University, Liverpool, 2017

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Rate aftereffects fail to transfer cross-modally: Evidence towards distributed timing mechanisms. Applied Vision Association Christmas Meeting, Queen Mary, University of London, London, 2016

Motala, A. & Whitaker, D. Rate aftereffects fail to transfer cross-modally: Evidence towards distributed timing mechanisms. British Congress of Optometry & Vision Sciences, Ulster University, N. Ireland, 2016
